seven-year-old Arno Rambo was brought
from Cameroon by the charity chain of
Hope the surgery to mend a hole in his
heart Diana a supporter of the charity
had heard of his story and an informal
visit was planned to her field hospital
under the guidance of top surgeon Sam
Magda yaqoob the boy's condition was
acute Arno the third child brought to
England by chain of Hope whose aim is to
bring medical care to children from
developing countries and war-torn areas
where medical resources are lacking
Diana's relationship with the British
media at least was increasingly strained
the woman who once could have done no
wrong was soon accused again of the
media manipulation what sparked
controversy was Diana's decision to
watch the four-hour surgery in surgical
mask and gown but in full makeup -
everything has done very well make a
quick recovery out of hospital within
four or five days the walking and
running about within a week
be prepared him well is that when he
wakes up may not be the most comfortable
moment in his life so he is prepared but
I still want to be there if in
reassurance that they haven't abandoned
him so I can hardly wait we may be in
for a small shock
I hear there are all sorts of tubes and
pipes ticking enjoyment out of him but
it has to be
as you know I'm a great lover of
children and the fact that a little
person can have a second opportunity in
my country I'm very proud to be involved
what's very nice to talk to her she
really is in it with her heart since all
even sort of thing she likes to do and
it's very good to see that I'm a great
supporter professor yeah it's work and
that's no secret and I have been present
at one or two of his operations and I
invited myself down here to watch this
small child well it's you gather
information much more from the visual
contact rather than reading books and I
find so when I stand up and speak about
the various subjects whatever it is I
find it more beneficial if I've actually
seen it but recently I've had more
opportunities to go into theatres and
see for myself what wonderful works the
doctors and nurses do within days the
pictures told their own story
Anna's recovery was well underway for
Diana though the whole exercise
backfired it was seen by some at least
as a stunt too far I think there were
lots of times when she wasn't given the
benefit of the doubt and there were lots
of times when her actions were
interpreted extremely unfairly when she
behaved from very good and
straightforward reasons which the media
interpreted in very different ways
because of their own agenda whether
there were whether they printed untruths
which they believed to be untruths I
don't know
I couldn't comment about it
the only thing I do know is that there
are a lot of people who were always
ready to comment as if they had inside
information and the media did kind of
did switch onto quite a lot of those